hello everyone today we are going to talk about two
vowels the vowel
and the vowel or that separately
they mean nothing but as soon as
together we become a weapon
extremely powerful
what is going on here so easy
we have I do what I do and the best
cubes of the universe is not that it is so is
that is to say the 3 by 3 or long the best
or between the best clubs 3 for 3 the
south side the best 4x4 I do not have any
doubt and the side was the best 7 by 7 without
no doubt worth with these two I do not doubt
nothing the ball
vale is the option chosen by many
ok there are still many people who
they use the waylon of course the fancy
even the sanchis is worth while sometimes
makes pop but hey the ball is
treading very hard has good to see
If it is the option chosen by many already
you can imagine us great cuts corners
does not pop just a turn is blocked
very nice it is true that sometimes
I have broken a corner that I have to
I have to admit it to see
I made videos of these cubes but it's that
They are so good that they deserve a video
special not the three together
still do not get too close we're going to
ask a question type test
obviously because otherwise this is not a
video that can be uploaded to youtube
incredible I love the south side the side
south
this special edition of the osu had
So much success that they got the background version
black white background with different backgrounds
stickers leds with traditional colors
and also with these colors so a
little bit more special not
these colors are fine but they can
get tired even if it does not seem like it
you use it a lot I do not know why are the
very soft colors not
elway his was an excellent cube and the
South side is better than the ways and here not
I have no doubt it 's better than the same
show is that in semis sometimes not
When I did things like that , there's a
little blog blocked and that ends
bothering is still a cube
excellent, but this one seems better
it's that simple, let's see it
very nice these colors is that they call
a lot of attention you can not resist
they are not as addictive to see we are in
August and is not available yet
mod 55 although they had already announced
not even 66 we have 77 but good
not even the 13 by 13 is worth continuing
still in pre order because I think that a
see what they were going to get out but just before
take it out they discovered that there was like a
small problem with some piece something
well and then it's lagging a lot
ok I already had it in charge and we're going to
seeing is already taking a lot of fact
from chicago stores and you already have it
Well, they sent me a
message from that page saying that what
I felt sorry for the delay I do not know what and
as soon as it is available they send it to you
we go with express delivery the next day
is in your house is normal not good
like me
it's going to be done
with the full market very will dominate
the world I like a little what I
it seems to me it's been a long time
since I made the first video
mobile impressions
and now I do not have any doubt
is the best 7 for 7 of the universe best
that the same show
the sensor obviously is still a
it's very good, but this one for me is
better has the robust voucher you have to
you have a lot of body you feel very
sure with this bucket has a smooth twist
extremely soft and controllable
they do not go there for a walk the coat
circling is flexible also worth and
it does not pop
hardly cause man to see when
we already have seven by seven large cubes
eight by eight we have to have more
Care is good when we make turns
extremes because although they have certain
Cut corners if you spend it worth
do something like that yes that some piece of
here it can go off fired it's worth it
be careful but
all cubes have limits no
normal if we are not going to see what is
happening here but it's the best as
had commented on the video when there was
talked about this cube this sticker is me
getting nervous and the most curious is
It makes me nervous and I have not turned it
I do not know it's like it's not possible, not me
I think by doing a little bit of force already
you turn things that happen this also
good in general are put with
pretty hurry, we're not going to see it very
nice I'm impatient for the moyo
13-13 I who know 15 15 the 6 the 8 the 9 more
modifications because no pyramids
dodecahedron is good
and I think he has sold so much that he
can allow to market more
versions not because I'm sure they 're going
good things
very nice ah by the way you imagine a
seven times seven I do not know if I was
announced seven times seven I'm
carles moyà but with these colors is worth
I think they were going to put it on the market that
it seems pretty quite done
technology we go a little bit more because not
I get tired of turning it 's cube the truth
is that I always take it to all
parts is wonderful I am delighted
since I 'm videos it's a bit
random but is that as I said before
they are so good that they deserve another video
together and moyúa is renovating the market
in such an extreme way that also
these three cubes start with water
that is already there you deserve a video
you'll tell me if you have these cubes
obviously I recommend it is clear
I say goodbye here as always with the
best game of all a greeting and we
we see in another video